Enough is enough
I said no no no no
Mom, what's wrong with you?
Zhang Yi, what did you tell my mother?
Why did you hurt my mother?
Didn't you say
Everything you have now
I gave it to you
You have to follow my instructions
Why?
Why can you limit our personal freedom?
I'm taking my mom back to grandma's tomorrow
Xiaoya, do whatever you want
I sometimes really want to stay
If you dare to hurt my daughter
I'll fight with you
What right do you have to talk to me like this?
Did you forget that I am your wife?
You take yourself too seriously.
I tell you the truth
In my eyes, Jiang Yin
You are nothing more than a dog
I married you because I love you
If you talk to me like that
I'm leaving here tomorrow with my daughter
Han Yun, sorry
I just had a drink and there's nothing more to say
I'm just so used to being in control
You forgive me
Han Yun
I am worse than pigs and dogs
I don't know how to cherish such a good wife
If you don't forgive me
I just kept hitting myself.